== TODO
* Write some documentation. (In both the github wiki and the source code)

== 1.0.0
* optimize
  * MongoMapper generators removed. MongoMapper (https://github.com/jnunemaker/mongomapper) has its own generators.
  * SimpleForm generators removed. SimpleForm (https://github.com/plataformatec/simple_form) has its own generators.
	* Erubis generator removed.
  * Formtastic generators removed. Formtastic (https://github.com/justinfrench/formtastic) has its own generators.
  * Authlogic generators removed. Authlogic (https://github.com/binarylogic/authlogic) has its own generators.

== 0.17.5
* optimize
	* Remove FactoryGirl

== 0.17.4
* optimize
  * Allow use of both FactoryGirl 1 and 2. (Louis T.)

== 0.17.3
* optimize
  * Update FactoryGirl generator to use version 2.0.0 syntax (Kevin Faustino)

== 0.17.2
* optimize
  * Documentation on how to use a generator{factory_girl} (John Joseph Bachir)

== 0.17.1
* fixed
  * MongoMapper provides find(id), not first(id).
    See http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4646745 (Semyon Perepelitsa)

== 0.17.0
* enhancements
  * Added a generator for creating models with no persistent.
    They still include ActiveModel::Validations and ActiveModel::Serialization.

    When generating properties you can use the following as types to create the required accessor

    read  - generate read_accessor
    write - generate write_accessor
    all   - generate attr_accessor

    (Colin Gemmel)

== 0.16.0
* optimize
  * Machinist generators removed. Machinist 2 (https://github.com/notahat/machinist) has its own generators.
  * Fabrication generators removed. Fabrication (https://github.com/paulelliott/fabrication) has its own generators.
  * Mongoid generators removed. Mongoid (https://github.com/mongoid/mongoid) has its own generators.

== 0.15.0
* optimize
  * Use bundler, remove Jeweler.

* fix
  * update test. (remove references to libs that were previously removed)

== 0.14.0
* enhancements
  * added Fabricator

== 0.13.0
* optimize
  * The Haml generators have moved to {the haml-rails gem}[http://github.com/indirect/haml-rails].
  * The jQuery generators have moved to {the jquery-rails gem}[http://github.com/indirect/jquery-rails].

== 0.12.1
* optimize
  * changed jqueryui option to --ui

== 0.12.0
* enhancements
  * added jqueryui (ProGNOMmers [Maurizio])

== 0.11.0
* enhancements
  * Added new mongo_mapper generator for mongo mapper 0.8 with lots of extra features [Kristian Mandrup]
  * Added mongoid generator for mongoid 2.0.beta with features similar to new mongo_mapper [Kristian Mandrup]

* optimize
  * renamed datamapper to data_mapper
  * renamed mongomapper to mongo_mapper.

* fix
  * added DataMapper Tests
  * added MongoMapper Tests

== 0.10.4
* optimize
  * Update jquery install by removing unneeded initializer file
  * Update mustache_rails to user autoload_paths instead of load_paths

== 0.10.3
* optimize
  * add --extension option to machinist blueprints. (I like using ".blueprint". --Louis T.)

== 0.10.1
* optimize
  * move mustache generators to correct hidden_namespaces location. (mustache:install was being hidden)

== 0.10.0
* enhancements
  * added mustache:install
  * added mustache:controller
  * added mustache:scaffold

* fix
  * fixed shoulda controller CamelCase problem.

== 0.9.2
* enhancements
  * added koala:install

== 0.9.1
* enhancements
  * added jquery:install
  
* optimize
  * simplified haml:install generator.

== 0.9.0

* optimize
  * simplified and clean up generators.
  * Added erubis template engine generator to avoid fighting with rails' built-in erb template engine
  * included Generators
    * authlogic:session

    * datamapper:migration
    * datamapper:model
    * datamapper:observer

    * erubis:controller
    * erubis:scaffold

    * fabrication:model
    * factory_girl:model

    * formtastic:scaffold

    * haml:controller
    * haml:install
    * haml:scaffold

    * machinist:model

    * mongomapper:model
    * mongomapper:observer

    * shoulda:controller
    * shoulda:model

    * simple_form:scaffold
